there's this trick that we all do to get
through our day we take a box and into
that box we place all the horrors of the
world we close the box and pretend it
doesn't exist only some of us we've lost
our ability to pretend we're looking for
a special operator like you for a while
who are you we do the dirty work
others can't here's the fun part now on
you're dead it's all erased
no more criminal records no more getting
arrested just for being naked or just
usual stuff you know being naked getting
drunk casual stuff so we're all gonna
die we blend in to disappear watch me
I hope so
this mine honestly I didn't think we'd
make it this far
[Music]
was wrong Hey
we're all gonna die
may as well do it while we're alive
[Music]
sounds fun right
[Applause]
you
[Music]